Add OpenRouter API compatibility for multi-provider model access (#2)
allaway-test/accent: README.md

##### AI Providers specification in configuration

> [!NOTE]  
> Only OpenAI works with *both* web app UI and developer console for now. Anthropic and OpenRouter only work with the developer console.

The app integrates three providers: OpenAI, Anthropic, and OpenRouter, and an initial model provider must be specified. 
In the *same chat*, it is possible to switch between models from the *same provider* but not between different providers, e.g. switching from ChatGPT-3.5 to ChatGPT-4o, but not from ChatGTP-3.5 to Claude Sonnet-3.5. 
However, existence of the switching feature does not suggest that the user should be manually and frequently switching between models. 

> For all providers, the default is to use a model on the smarter end, though later on it may be possible to specify an initial model in the config. 

Reviewer: Pls clarify the wording here.

- Anthropic
  - To use, must have `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` in env or set in config.
  - The default model is Claude Sonnet 3.5.
- OpenRouter
  - To use, must have `OPENROUTER_API_KEY` in env or set in config.

>   - The default model is GPT-4o (via OpenRouter).

Reviewer: Pls set default as google/gemini-2.5-pro-preview

- Anthropic
  - To use, must have `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` in env or set in config.
  - The default model is Claude Sonnet 3.5.
- OpenRouter
  - To use, must have `OPENROUTER_API_KEY` in env or set in config.

>   - The default model is GPT-4o Mini (via OpenRouter).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - The default model is google/gemini-2.5-pro-preview (via OpenRouter).
```
